- Rafael Nadal
less evil minor
cardiotrophin-1
you may have control of body weight
a study recently published in the journal cell metabolism shows that
This protein regulates the metabolism of sugars and lipids.
scientific work of the Center for Applied Medical Research and the
faculty of pharmacy of the University of Navarre have shown that the
cardiotrophin-1
is able to reverse obesity and some of the main alterations
associated metabolic
like for example type 2 diabetes
our studies in animal models of obesity
have shown p actions
gene desire is cardiotrophin-1 of bilbao of the skill that has
cardiotrophin-1 of decreasing intake regrets that energy expenditure
in fact we have sat down that the administration of afternoon another final
index an increase in cellular oxygen consumption as a consequence of the
combustion of nutrients mainly from fat
the excess weight that Caquetá causes 100 to 1
it is mostly due to a decrease in fatty deposits
of the organism
de vido the ability of this protein to stimulate
the burning of stored fat not only at the level of fatty deposits
if not also at the muscular level
we have seen that the car of another end to one
besides having effects
very marked on the metabolism of fat
strengthens the action of insulin already lowers
blood glucose levels
animals that can not produce pork
with the passage of time they become obese
they develop hypercholesterolemia
and they become diabetics
why our studies
They shed light on the mechanisms responsible for diabetes obesity
at the same time
which enables
provide new ways of treating these processes
until now this group of researchers had demonstrated the full potential of
Cardiotrophin-1 against acute liver damage
but now they go much further can be converted with the help of the
biotech biotech worthy company in an important tool against the
obesity cholesterol
and diabetes